    who knew Vaughan accept the perverse eroticism of the car-crash, as painful as the drawing of an exposed
    and external accessories I can still remember with the painful accuracy of a never-to-be-eluded nightmare.
     Unaware of any pain at that time, I sat with my right hand holding a spoke of the steering wheel. Still
    mind, but the stylization of the terrible events that had involved us, the extremes of pain and violence
    curvature of his glans. That same painful bite which I once received from a tired prostitute irritated by my
    theatre found that both my knee-caps had been fractured against the instrument panel. Long spurs of pain
    the wounds and pains he would feel. Around me, the empty beds contained a hundred histories of collision
      The nurses hovered around me, carrying out their painful chores. When they replaced the drainage tubes
    in my knees I tried not to vomit back my sedative, strong enough to keep me quiet but not to relieve the pain.
     Irritated by the aircraft noise, I sat up on one elbow. The bruises across my chest wall made it painful for
    milliseconds of pain and violence in which he had been catapulted from a pleasant domestic interlude into a
    scenes of pain and violence that illuminated the margins of our lives - television newsreels of wars and
    mouths. Even my own pain as I lay in the hospital bed, while Catherine steered the glass urinal between my
    confused guilt over the man I had killed. The week after the accident had been a maze of pain and insane
    encyclopedia of pains and discharges, with the hostile gaze of other people, and with the fact of the dead
    doll, one of those elaborate humanoid dummies fitted with every conceivable orifice and pain response.
    ear. The sharpness of these pains reminded me of the bite of the windshield glass during my crash. She
    gear levers and parking-light switches. Together they described an exact language of pain and sensation,
    units in a new currency of pain and desire.
    exquisite and warming pain. My body glowed from these points, like a resurrected man basking in the healed
     As we set off, his camera landed on the front seat. Its invisible silver memories of pain and excitement
     Catherine cried out, a gasp of pain cut off by Vaughan's strong hand across her mouth. He sat back with
    the dawn air its engine sounded a cry of pain.
